Reorganizing environment object schema docs (#7868)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/schema-discovery-environment-applied-exposure-tile.mdx

---
title: "Exposure Tile object schema"
sidebar_label: "Exposure Tile"
id: "discovery-schema-environment-applied-exposure-tile"
---
 
import { NodeArgsTable, SchemaTable } from "./schema";

[Exposure health tiles](/docs/explore/data-tile) distill data health signals for data consumers and can be embedded in downstream tools. You can query information on these tiles from the Discovery API.

The [Example query](#example-query) illustrates a few fields you can query with the `exposureTile` object. Refer to [Fields](#fields) to view the entire schema, which provides all possible fields you can query.

### Arguments

When querying for `exposureTile`, you can use the following arguments:

<NodeArgsTable parent="AppliedState" name="exposureTile" />

### Example query

> You can specify the `environmentId` and filter by a model's `uniqueId` to understand the data quality and metadata information for the exposure tile associated with the 'customers' model in the 'marketing' package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify the `environmentId` and filter by a model's `uniqueId` to understand the data quality and metadata information for the exposure tile associated with the `customers` model in the `marketing` package:
```

```graphql
query {
  environment(id: 834) {
    applied {
      exposureTile(
        filter: {uniqueId: "model.marketing.customers"} # Use this format for unique ID: RESOURCE_TYPE.PACKAGE_NAME.RESOURCE_NAME
      ) {
        accountId # The account ID of this node
        environmentId
        projectId
        exposureType
        filePath
        quality
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### Fields

When querying for `exposureTile`, you can use the following fields:

> <SchemaTable nodeName="ExposureTileNode" />

Reviewer: Description for `autoBiProvider` should be: 
If not auto exposure, it is null. If it is auto exposure, it is the name of the BI provider
